<!-- Delete the sections that don't apply -->

### Backwards-incompatible changes

-

### New features

- The new "dayobs" parameter type adds native support support for Rubin Observatory's "dayobs" date format. The dayobs is a string, `YYYYMMDD`, that corresponds to the date in the UTC-12 timezone. This convention is useful because it is a unique identifier for each observing night on Cerro Pachón, and it is used in the Rubin Observatory's data products. To use dayobs, create a parameter of type `string` with a format field set to `dayobs`.

  Note that the "date" format is different from "dayobs" in that it uses the ISO 8601 date format (`YYYY-MM-DD`) and is in the UTC timezone.

- Date and dayobs parameters can now take a "dynamic_default" value, which causes the default value of that parameter to be a date relative to the date when the page is viewed. To use a dynamic default in a date parameter in a notebook's sidecar YAML file, replace the "default" field with "dynamic_default". The dynamic default can be:

  - "today"
  - "yesterday"
  - "tomorrow"
  - A relative number of days earlier (e.g., "-5d" for 5 days ago) or later (e.g., "+3d" for 3 days in the future)
  - A relative number of weeks (e.g. "-2weeks" for 2 weeks ago), months (e.g. "+1month" for 1 month in the future), or years (e.g. "-1year" for 1 year ago)
  - The first day of the week/month/year ("week_start", "month_start", "year_start"), or a number of periods into the past or future (e.g., "-1week_start" for the start of previous week, "+2month_start" for the start of next month).
  - The last day of the week/month/year ("week_end", "month_end", "year_end"), or a number of periods into the past or future (e.g., "-1week_end" for the end of previous week, "+2month_end" for the end of next month).

### Bug fixes

- When a invalid ipynb file is added to a GitHub Check Run, Times Square now catches the error and reports it as a failure in the check run.

### Other changes

-
